how does it feel Wayne to stand all the
very stones that ran with your parents
blooded do you feel sad full of rage or
does that outfit help bury your feelings
hiding your true self you become what
you've always war against and I will
stop you I have powerful friends that
now this is just the beginning why do
you work alone that matter I believe you
enjoy the loneliness
I assume that you thought yourself
untouchable like Batman there's no
better feeling well you can see no one
is untouchable
we are the future of ARCA we are the
future of Gotham if you solve the room
ahead if you don't then they done you
must show you are you need to take a
life to save the world you cannot stop
me soon I will command forces beyond
your comprehension oh you gonna be a
good boy and give up nicely Bravo